Update pricing and simplify navigation (#1455)
18F/cg-site: content/docs/apps/docker.md

Details are in the Cloud Foundry documentation for [deploying an app with Docker](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/deploy-apps/push-docker.html#private-repo). If you want to build your own Docker image, or if you want to read more about the implementation, check out the [Docker documentation](http://docs.cloudfoundry.org/adminguide/docker.html) in the Cloud Foundry project.

> Once you push a Docker image as your application, cloud.gov cannot update the baseline for your application, so you are responsible for keeping it up to date. **You are responsible** for maintaining the operating system, libraries, application code, and all of the associated configuration (losing some of the benefits of a PaaS environment). See [this chart of responsibilities]({{< relref "docs/technology/responsibilities.md">}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you push a Docker image as your application, cloud.gov cannot update the baseline for your application, so you are responsible for keeping it up to date. **You are responsible** for maintaining the operating system, libraries, application code, and all of the associated configuration. See [this chart of responsibilities]({{< relref "docs/technology/responsibilities.md">}}). This is not a recommended path and is only viable in some use cases; be aware that you lose a large set of features and some of the benefits of a PaaS system by leveraging this functionality.
```
